How about discouraged children you will be able
to tell me where the oil comes from
mysterious oil
I know is not no longer have the
head anda is true do not wear theme hey
see if you are extraterrestrial because not
has that scene is that rare that you want
[Laughs]
Y
do not
[Music]
these rude children was the one who speaks
yours
you are looking for oil and I have heard
say that the source from which the
oil is there
I hope you are well
and this looks like a true cell in
the price
yes good we go there and today he taught
yoshioka I think it's about time
the manduca does not fear yet is soon or
at least you've eaten cookies
a long time of that
I do not get to zero it's falling
it's a man's watch and so
it seems quite old
we made the bottom that is the worst
it was exactly here six days before
I could come here with transparency
I came to pick up medicinal herbs
that is a very worked man
I have not been working in the
Spa
for the gentleman that if he is not in love
of 70 for me for me
I'm in love with Miss Cotton
and do not say that kind of thing, I'm just
a simple employee the lady with everything
you will never tell me
says what he thinks
there will burst denies what you should try
with the feelings of the people
are you
[Music]
As you can tell, what do you do best is
the dumbest question that today is not
older lady com
[Music]
are the Chinese videos I'm hungry and
soon grandma will be ready
you're good
I have passed everything if I tell you the truth
I also happened the same thing in this
same site is very dangerous to neglect
philosophy because it does not warn me of the danger
I almost eat that thing but what
important is that they come to eat
Grandma
sure they will also be
eating
sir, without him the food is not yet
Miss Cotton will have prepared us
and for eat
have patience already you will know
[Music]
I did not imagine there was a lake in
a place like this that air so fresh
no matter how fresh it is, it does not fill me
belly I want to eat eat
do not be glutton we told you that
we eat after finding the oil
sorry
[Laughs]
[Music]
also stop
It's fine ladies I think it has arrived
mealtime
[Music]
i
this girl is impossible
for me
[Music]
everyone
so the